Minor edit to documentation (#265)
EducationalTestingService/rsmtool: doc/config_rsmtool.rst

    * ``addOneInv``: 1/(x+1)
    * ``addOneLn``: ln(x+1)

> Only transformations that produce numeric results for *all* values for a given feature will be considered. Thus for example if a feature has a single negative value, `sqrt` transformation will be ignored even if it would have resulted in the highest correlation with human score for the remaining values.  In addition,  ``inv`` and ``addOneInv`` transformations are never used for features with both positive and negative values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We only consider transformations that produce numeric results for *all* values for a given feature column. For example, if a feature column contains a single negative value, the ``sqrt`` transformation will be ignored even if it would have resulted in the highest correlation with human score for the remaining values.  In addition, the ``inv`` and ``addOneInv`` transformations are never used for feature columns that contain both positive and negative values.
```
